Add CriticalUp to the User Manual (#739)
ferrocene/ferrocene: ferrocene/doc/user-manual/src/partials/criticalup-run.rst

.. SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT OR Apache-2.0
   SPDX-FileCopyrightText: The Ferrocene Developers

If you are using `CriticalUp <../criticalup.html>`_, you can

> use the ``criticalup run`` command to invoke the installed compiler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use ``criticalup run`` in front of the command to invoke the project's Ferrocene toolchain once installed.
```
